add GPG signing guide to PR template (#1)
open-rmf/.github: .github/pull_request_template.md

For support requests, please read the Support Guidelines to know where to ask: https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf/wiki/Support-guidelines
For general questions and design discussion, please use the Discussions page: https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf/discussions
Not sure if this is the right repository? Open an issue on https://github.com/open-rmf/rmf

> We require contributors to GPG Sign their commits. Follow the guide here: https://gist.github.com/mort3za/ad545d47dd2b54970c102fe39912f305

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We require contributors to GPG Sign their commits. Follow the guide here to set up a GPG key and add it to your GitHub account: https://docs.github.com/en/github/authenticating-to-github/generating-a-new-gpg-key
A quick guide to how to sign your commits can be seen here: https://gist.github.com/mort3za/ad545d47dd2b54970c102fe39912f305
```

> To GPG sign a bunch of commits at once, you can do: git rebase --exec 'git commit --amend --no-edit -n -S' -i <commit before the first commit you want signed>. Then do a force-push

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To GPG sign several commits at once (for example, if you forgot to sign some commits), you can run this command, followed by a force-push: git rebase --exec 'git commit --amend --no-edit -n -S' -i <commit before the first commit you want signed>
```
